Ready Run Task Docs for GA (#2286)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks/index.mdx

## Run Tasks Technology Partners

### Aqua Security

Aqua Security’s Trivy open source project integrates with Terraform Cloud run tasks to scan Terraform code in the plan phase and detect potential configuration issues that expose your deployments to the risk of attack. The integration allows teams to identify, classify, and understand issues - misconfigurations, compliance violations, and best practices checks - through the Terraform console.

### Bridgecrew

[Bridgecrew](https://bridgecrew.io/) helps teams address security and compliance errors in Terraform as part of each and every code review.

To get started, sign up for an eligible [pricing](https://bridgecrew.io/pricing/) plan, and follow the instructions in the [Integration via Run Tasks](https://docs.bridgecrew.io/docs/integrate-with-terraform-cloud#integration-via-run-tasks) user documentation.

### Firefly

> Firefly integrates with Terraform Cloud to help you move faster without breaking your cloud. The run tasks integration helps teams cast a cloud safety net and understand how changing untargeted assets with affect your cloud before you deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firefly integrates with Terraform Cloud to help you move faster without breaking your cloud. The run tasks integration helps teams cast a cloud safety net and understand how changing untargeted assets will affect your cloud before you deploy it.
```

[Moderne.io](https://moderne.io/) provides customers with an intuitive view for searching, analyzing, and transforming code across their entire organization.

To get started, request early access at [Moderne.io](https://moderne.io/), and follow the instructions in the [Terraform Cloud integration](https://docs.moderne.io/how-to/terraform-cloud-integration) user documentation.

### Snyk

The [Snyk](https://snyk.io/) integration for Terraform Cloud allows teams using Terraform to find, track, and fix security misconfigurations in their cloud infrastructure as part of their SDLC before they ever reach production.

To get started, [create a free Snyk account](https://snyk.io/) and follow the instructions in the [Integrating Snyk with Terraform Cloud](https://docs.snyk.io/features/integrations/ci-cd-integrations/integrating-snyk-with-terraform-cloud) user documentation.

> > **Hands-on:** Try the [Configure Snyk Run Task in Terraform Cloud tutorial](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/cloud-run-tasks-snyk&utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) on HashiCorp Learn.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Hands-on:** Try the [Configure Snyk Run Task in Terraform Cloud tutorial](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/cloud-run-tasks-snyk?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) on HashiCorp Learn.
```

### Sophos

Sophos Factory works with Terraform Cloud run tasks to enable IaC security tools including OPA, BridgeCrew’s Checkov, Accurics, TerraScan through a public solution catalog of prebuilt DevSecOps pipelines. To get started, follow the [Integrate with Terraform Cloud](https://docs.refactr.it/docs/tutorials/terraform-cloud/) tutorial in the Sophos documentation.

### Tenable

> Tenable.cs and Hashicorp Terraform Cloud enables teams to codify cloud security policies for infrastructure as code with automated enforcement and remediation recommendations as part of their development workflow. For Terraform Cloud users, it has never been easier to establish compliance and security guardrails in the development process that ensures infrastructure is secure before it is provisioned.To get started, follow the [Configure Terraform Cloud Integration guide](https://docs.tenable.com/tenablecs/Content/Quickstart/CI-CD/Terraform.htm) in the Tenable documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenable.cs and Hashicorp Terraform Cloud enables teams to codify cloud security policies for infrastructure as code with automated enforcement and remediation recommendations as part of their development workflow. This lets you establish compliance and security guardrails in the development process that ensure infrastructure is secure before it is provisioned. To get started, follow the [Configure Terraform Cloud Integration guide](https://docs.tenable.com/tenablecs/Content/Quickstart/CI-CD/Terraform.htm) in the Tenable documentation.
```
